#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via langchain-core
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via anyio
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.27
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langgraph
langgraph==0.0.26
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.0
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numexpr==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   numexpr
orjson==3.9.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.27
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
